docs: Add instruction to check the dev version of doc (#1653)
probabl-ai/skore: CONTRIBUTING.rst

- The file should start with a docstring giving the example title.
- No example should require to have large files stored in this repository. For example, no dataset should be stored, it should be downloaded in the script.
- When built (using `make html` for example), these examples will automatically be converted into RST files in the `sphinx/auto_examples` subfolder. This subfolder is listed in the gitignore and cannot be pushed.

> - Make sure to view and contribute examples based on the `dev` version of the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are visualizing the examples on the online documentation and notice some typos or things that could be improved, make sure that you are viewing the `dev` version of the documentation which is the latest version (e.g. check that the typo has not already been solved for example).
```

Reviewer: Hi @AchrafTasfaout, I suggested some changes. If you are fine with those, you can just click on "Commit suggestion".
